---
page_title: "viettelidc_ovpc_load_balancer Data Source - viettelidc"
subcategory: "Virtual Private Cloud (OVPC)"
description: |-
  Lookup a Load Balancer by ID or name in a VPC.
---

# viettelidc_ovpc_load_balancer (Data Source)

Lookup a Load Balancer by ID or name in a VPC.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "viettelidc_ovpc_load_balancer" "web" {
  name   = "web-lb"
  vpc_id = viettelidc_ovpc_vpc.main.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Load Balancer ID (vttLoadBalancerId). Either 'id' or 'name' must be specified.
- `name` (String) Name of the Load Balancer to look up. Either 'id' or 'name' must be specified.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to search within. Uses provider default if not specified.

### Read-Only

- `admin_state_up` (Boolean) Administrative state of the Load Balancer.
- `description` (String) Description of the Load Balancer.
- `floating_ip_id` (String) ID of the floating IP assigned to the Load Balancer.
- `listeners` (List of Object) List of listeners associated with the Load Balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `loadbalancer_type` (String) Type of the Load Balancer.
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status of the Load Balancer.
- `package_type` (String) Package type of the Load Balancer.
- `pools` (List of Object) List of pools associated with the Load Balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pools))
- `status` (String) Current status of the Load Balancer.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet where the Load Balancer is placed.

<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `protocol` (String)
- `protocol_port` (Number)
- `x_forwarded_for` (Boolean)
- `x_forwarded_port` (Boolean)
- `x_forwarded_proto` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pools`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `session_persistence_type` (String)
